family I'm excited to be with you all
today first off I just want to say thank
you for all of the likes for all of the
clicking the notification Bell for all
of the uh subscribing it is helping
getting the gospel out there's so many
emails that I get that are telling me
hey I got born again today watching your
video hey I got baptized in the Holy
Ghost today watching your video um I got
set free from addictions there's people
that were addicted to cigarettes there's
people that are addicted to to to all
kinds of perversions that email me and
say hey I just wanted to let you know I
got set free so I just want to let you
know thank you for all of your support
you know there's a lot of people like
well you're the only one seeing anything
you're the only one that is uh have
these visions and you know nothing's
come to pass you know I just started
this back in March and started doing
this YouTube channel and the Lord told
me he said there's going to be an
acceleration of all things there's
acceler cation of of of the economy
acceleration in politics acceleration in
um spiritual things like in the signs in
the heavens we are going to see some
amazing things in in the near days ahead
and so you know no man knows the day or
the hour when Jesus Christ is coming but
I can tell you I have an urgency in my
spirit that he's coming I have an
urgency in my spirit to tell you it's
time to repent it's time to get on our
knees and seek the Lord with all our
heart Hearts we are in the last of the
last seconds before the coming of the
Lord Jesus Christ and I want to
encourage you today don't give up on
your dreams don't give up on on what
God's called you to do we've got to push
we're we're we're right like I we're at
that one yard line right before first
and goal and we're we're about to make a
touchdown and I'm telling you as the
body of Christ we we've got to stand and
be stronger even stronger now than we've
ever been before because I'm telling
telling you great days are ahead for the
body of Christ so I just want I want to
give you that encouragement before I
tell you about the storms you know
there's a lot of people talking about
the storms there's a lot of people I've
seen on sidroth and there's other uh
prophetic people that have seen stuff
but I was looking at people like sister
Billy I told you all that I was caught
up in the spirit and when I was praying
one night and I went Before the Throne
and there was prayer circling in the
throne you can I'll put the video in the
description below here and you can watch
it if you have if you're new to my
channel but uh there was a pastor that I
saw that I'm not really familiar with a
lot but I looked him up afterwards and
i' and and I've keep keep an eye on him
to see what's going on in his ministry
but whenever I was in the spirit the
Lord showed me this pastor that I'm
going to show you on this video and his
name is Pastor Tracy Harris and he has a
church in uh Texar canana so the Lord
told me to follow his his ministry you
know about the end times and so then you
go back to what Pastor Stephen uh calani
said and he talked about the pel the
green coril horse the warhorse would
come and then the and then the the the
the P plague would come after well I
don't know like I said we we prophesy in
part we hear in part I see these things
coming and I don't really know the dates
I what I I feel in my spirit and and
what I'm praying over I feel an urgency
and you know he will show you way way in
advance so here we are this is about
this this Prophecy from Sister Billy
here that we're going to talk that
you're going to hear is about the I
believe a storm it's about the economy
something happening and then the next
one that we'll hear is about um a plague
coming uh greater than coid so uh and
then we have I didn't put it on here
just for time sake but Pastor John
Kilpatrick had a visitation in the
Midnight Hour uh from the Lord warning
him about a storm coming and so so
there's many men of God that are hearing
about a storm coming and and the Lord's
warning them like little fire alarm
Bells going off and off and off warning
them saying hey caution caution caution
Red Alert Red Alert there's stuff coming
what's start off here it's coming a
storm there's coming a storm but
there'll be a calm after
it and uh there's going to be
judgments
now um
you can sense some things
okay and um we're not talking the Great
Tribulation you will not even be
here but here in the
Ozarks Shelly and I I how many years ago
was that son the ice
storm you know what year that
was knocked out electric for electricity
for two weeks trees broke everywhere how
many how many of you around here you
remember that I do I remember it
happened here in Oklahoma 13 years ago
and shell and I I had sold my house and
I'm living in a double wide with shell
out at per mountain till I could find
another house and Terry he lives down in
his up he and Lynn live up over the
firehouse and
um we we we had no
heat we had a fireplace we got lots of
wood at Prayer Mountain so we made a
fire in the fireplace and we had
um we
had we had
um Iron Iron we had iron cookware we
like iron cookware and we had a little
that little fireplace in that little
double wi it had a little hanger there
we made oatmeal we boiled water we had
coffee we made
chili now Terry would come down on the
snowmobile and he would bring us you
know he'd help us out too there Terry's
a Survivor I can tell you right now for
a while they had a
generator and I said there is something
wrong with this
picture but nonetheless it was three
weeks two weeks son how long how
long two weeks and it was below zero
every night
you remember that if you lived around
here
youve you moved to town which town
didn't have much better did
itas they had some
fuel anyway praise the Lord now here's
what I say pretend you're in the
Ozarks and it could have an ice storm
probably wouldn't last too long a few
days maybe so it wouldn't hurt you to
keep your car filled with gas
have a couple of cans
extra have plenty of
water have food that doesn't require but
you need to have some food and and I'm
not a scare tactic person yeah me either
I don't want you in fear no but it
doesn't hurt you uh to have some um
peanut butter and tuna fish and salmon
and things in cans that you don't have
to fix you know for maybe two or three
days not even very long right but I
don't know just something in I knowwhere
uh just kind of makes me think it
wouldn't be a bad idea and besides that
if nothing ever happens you can eat it
right glory be to God you can drink the
water glory be to God it it wouldn't
hurt you know anything so bless the Lord
you still love me you're not throwing
any not going to throw any stones or any
Tomatoes or anything like that when
we're here on the end and and things are
happening you know they just are and uh
they're going to happen according to
God's calendar so she's is telling
everybody not in fear to have just a
little bit of extra in your house so and
and you can have an urgency like I'm
talking about you know whenever I was
whenever I was in the spirit and the
Lord showed me a massive storm coming on
the East Coast it was massive dark dark
dark purple all inside of the uh storm
and it was coming and it was it was a
little ways off at the time whenever I
saw this and every once in a while when
I'm praying in the spirit the Lord will
show it's gotten closer and closer and
the last time I saw it it was on our
Shores and so um he showed me a wall a
massive wall a thick thick thick thick
humongous wall that was protection and
he said this right here what you're show
what I'm showing you I've I've told you
all this before but I'm going to re I'm
just going to REO over it a little bit
he said this right here is a wall and he
said he there it was
separating the storm from protection and
there was dark dark dark dark dark
clouds over here like I'm talking about
and great light over here and he said
this is just like it was when it was
dark in Egypt and it was light in and
Goan and he was telling me he said this
is Psalms Psalms 91 and there was a
there was a a table that was
all fussed out whatever with dishes and
everything on it and bread and there was
all kinds of beautiful uh stuff there
prepared for us as Believers and there
was a stream of quiet Brook right next
to the table there was just green Lush
grass all around it and there was a a
little cottage that was had a little uh
chimney in it with the smoke coming out
of the chimney and it was baking fresh
bread right there in that Cottage and
the Lord told me he said Brandon I have
prepared a table before you in the
presence of all your enemies and and he
told me he said he said in the days
ahead I say it again in the days ahead
you will have to know and have a
revelation of the name of the power and
the authority of the name of Jesus
you're going to have to know
that you need to get Psalms 91 and
Psalms 23 deep down in your
heart put it so deep down inside of you
that it that it that that you don't
question it's like it's a rama word to
you is what I'm talking about you can
read the word but you have to know the
word you have to have a revelation
knowledge of the word you can just go
through Genesis and read it and read it
and read it and the devil knows when you
know okay I'm telling you I've seen it I
know in the spirit
real when you when that sword comes out
of your mouth and it cuts the devil it's
either it's either alive inside of you
or it's not and you can quote it and
quote it and quote it and quote it and
Faith cometh by hearing and hearing by
the word of God and that's how you get
Rama word inside of you by hearing and
hearing and hearing and hearing and
hearing it again not just hearing it
once but whenever you you you eat it
like a cow eating its cud you sitting
there like he spits up out of his
stomach and he chews on that grass
again you've got to keep that word
inside of your mouth and it and it's
what brings life it that's whenever the
mountain your Mountain needs to hear
your voice you have to speak to your
circumstances and that's what I'm
talking about having the authority of
the believer and in in and having a
revelation of the name of Jesus no
understanding who we are in Christ seed
with him in the heavenlies far above all
principalities and powers and might it's
not going to come just by hearing it
once it's not just going to come by
hearing it twice if faith comes by
hearing and hearing and hearing and
hearing by the word of God getting that
Revelation inside of you of where we are
in these end times the Lord told me he
said sobering days are coming very
sobering days very hard days for some
people but he said what's the opposite
of sober and I said drunk he said be
being filled with the Holy Ghost a fresh
touch from the Holy Ghost every single
day dying to self daily getting in that
River with him and seting and sitting
and sitting at his feet on a daily basis
and and and reading that word and just
like I'm talking about being that cow
eating that grass over and over and over
and over again until it becomes Rama
word inside of your spirit and I'm
telling you it's like a light switch
come on and that's whenever you speak
that word out of your mouth and the
devil James 4:17 submit yourself unto
God resist the devil and he will flee
from you and so um I'm going to go to
this next prophetic word and this kind
of go this is the men that I saw in the
throne room with the Lord praying for
the Nations asking the Lord for a fresh
visitation from him uh concerning uh
souls and outpouring I I heard his
prayers and that's what he was praying
for in the Midnight Hour is in the
middle of the night and so we're gonna
this is a warning okay so what's amazing
about this the Lord he had this
visitation the same night I had the
visitation going to the throne okay so
and then he comes back and he tells what
he
saw suddenly as I'm laying there praying
and I'm just overwhelmed with what he's
saying to me he's in the throne what we
have and the authority of faith in that
name what we're going to do it wasn't
but a matter of minutes and he said
this there are things coming on the
earth that without revelation
of the power and the authority of the in
the name of Jesus my people will not
survive
right I'm trying to tell
y'all can you see why I had to build
your faith before I started talking to
you you can't get caught up in the
things I'm going to say because if
you're natural you're natural minded
you're going to worry about what is it
what's the Lord saying what's coming on
the earth that's not the point it's not
the point the point is stay on
point and if you'll do what I'm telling
you to do you'll survive no matter
what's coming in the
earth so stay on
point I I don't want to say this but I'm
bound to I'm in the office he gave me I
really don't want to say this because
it's his church but I have no thing
other than I can say about his church
but what he the head of the the church
is telling
me I don't want this to be I'm believing
God this won't be but I saw it and it
comes up in me again he said while
you're under this anointing say it yes
you're about to see in the
shift churches right now that are
absolutely going and blowing and you
think oh wow they're doing great and in
a short time if they will not take hold
of the Full Gospel and operate in the
authority of this name they're literally
going to look like somebody drove a
truck through there and I mean it's
going to go it's going to be cleaned out
like somebody sucked them out of there
the
V some to the curse some dead some in
the hospital and others say I can't I'm
not getting what I need here and they're
going to
come they're going to race to the glory
they're going to rise out of darkness
and come to the light they do not have
anything in their Arsenal to deal with
what I saw coming yep
so the prodical are coming
home and the weak anemic selfish
Christians that want the church to Pat
them on the back are about to get an
Awakening startled sprinkled by the
power of God you mark my words The
Remnant church is going to become the
place to
be and they are coming from the north
the Sou South the East and the West
they're going to jump in the river and
the river is going to came right to the
perfect
Mountain C is going to be a premium it's
going to be hard to find but it won't be
hard to recognize when you find
it the real from the did you hear what I
said it'll be kind of rare so it'll be
hard to find but it won't be hard to
recognize it when you do find
it GL be to God I don't want this to
happen I don't want whole churches to be
decimated but they're going to be steam
by this thing if they don't rise up and
understand who they are in
country because churches are the
bullseye of the Target
right is raising up a
church a nation within a
nation and it's raising up some
voices young and old a lot that are
going to run
together I'm telling
you and he said this word purity will be
at a premium in the last days
Purity now this is open-ended what I'm
going to read to you it's the final line
because he said it to me as a
general but you need to get it down in
your
heart this will become the most
important survival skill for the body of
Christ
right did you hear what I just said yes
he said to me this will become the most
important survival skill for the body of
Christ not canned foods and dried foods
or water or anything else this will
become the most important exclamation
point the revelation of the power and
the authority of the name of Jes Jesus
exactly when God is saying prepare he's
not talking about buying your 177 7777
good luck dried food package where you
can your family can eat for five years
in a
cave if he speaks to you you're going to
know
it he can wake you up in the middle of
the night and tell you such such go buy
this go do this go do this this and
he'll tell you how long it lasts when
it's coming where it's coming from and
you'll have time to go do it and he'll
open the door for you to go do it right
I'm not against savings accounts or
having food put back or water or buying
at discount or buying in book I'm not
against any of that what I'm against is
the fear that's causing you to do it and
the trust in it right because I can
guarantee you you got three weeks of
water then what big
boy is that all you're going to live
three weeks past the pro
come on now this will be the most
important survival skill bar none in the
end times the revelation of the power
and the authority of the mighty name
that's above every name where we can
handle life that will bring fish water
bread in the desert where there's no
River
yes
God Can Fly bread to Elijah on Ravens he
is not going to have a problem getting
your stuff to you I don't care what kind
of pandemic is going on
right we're not going to run out of
trees so you're going to have heat go
cut you some trees and have a fire
you're not going to it amazed me a why2k
the people that just went crazy I was in
I was in you know ministering around
Chicago and people were just acting a
fool I said y'all are scared of running
out of water you got Lake Michigan right
there
but people go nuts fear will make you
stupid I'm telling you right now the
authority of that name glory to God the
authority of that name yes I said glory
to God the authority of that name the
authority of the name we're going to
launch into it we're going for it glory
to God it first here you're about to see
revelation of the name of Jesus explode
all over the world because if it doesn't
the Holy Ghost can't come finish this
Harvest there's going to be a massive
Harvest i w be the only one preaching it
but he told me and and matter of fact I
would be one of the tips of the spirit
so I'm getting after it sir I'm about to
get after it cuz by and large My
Generation has little to no revelation
of it and what Revelation they did learn
30 years ago they lost yes and they're
not operating in it but there is glory
in that
name
there's there's power in that
name and I'm named with that
name whatever that name can do I can
do anything that name can do I can do
I've been given the name but whatever
the name can do I can do because it's my
name I'll never be intimidated in front
of a sick person as long as I'm putting
my hands on them in that name
yes I'll never be intimidated in front
of a demon-possessed person as long as I
know when the devil manifests I've got
that name to
use there'll be no Bankers
statement No doctor's report
no lawyer's
plea or
suit no law government
transaction no threatening letter from
the IRS there'll never be
anything that we have to draw back from
or be intimidated by as long as we
know we got that
name
I got that
name I tell you I'm totally convinced of
this this is so strong this is so strong
can you understand we just went through
a portal we just we literally just went
through a shift we we just stepped
somewhere today this the ninth month of
the year this thing's coming to pass for
us so I so here we are here here we are
he's warning about what he saw coming
and it and and it's like he like he said
stay on point we have to we have to
focus on what the Lord has told us that
we have power and authority to tread on
serpents and scorpions and nothing shall
by any means hurt us we have to
understand that we have the authority of
the name of Jesus back in us just like
we are ambassadors of the Lord Jesus
Christ on this Earth and and as we take
our place like like like like I was
trying to tell you all before I've told
you in videos past an ambassador of
America has all of America back in him
the treasury Department the military
everything here we are as Believers we
go in the name of Jesus and we come on
and we're ambassadors of the Lord Jesus
Christ we're ambassadors of Heaven in
this earth we are we are we are from he
we are we are seated with him in the
heavenlies like I've said and so we're
coming down here and we're operating in
that name we're operating it's what's
backing us it's like the name of America
is backing the Ambassador for uh uh for
the for for whoever is going you know uh
in that name of America so we're coming
in the name of Jesus we're coming in the
name of Heaven we're going as
ambassadors into the Earth and we have
all heaven backing us so what I'm trying
to say to you is we have nothing to fear
we have nothing to worry about because
Jesus Christ dwells on the inside of us
and all Heaven is back in us we have all
the Angels the military we have all of
the Treasury Department cattle and a
thousand hills everything of the Lord is
his in the fullness thereof it's all the
Lord's everything we need is in that
name if we go before him and we we take
communion daily and we seek his face we
can letay we have the medical team we
have the medical we can lay hands on the
sick and they'll recover we can cast out
Devils it's and and we can we can raise
the dead we can do it all in that name
and so I just want to encourage you all
today to that that yeah we we know that
these storms are coming we know that it
says in the last days that wars and
rumors of wars we'll see plagues and
pestilence and things coming we know
that all that stuff's coming but we have
authority as we are in this earth as he
is so are we in this world and we are
able to do what he did Greater Works
will you do than what he did Greater
Works Greater Works Greater Works what
what more could we do well you know we
lay hands on the sick we cast out Devils
freely we've been given freely we give
it out and so I'm just trying to
encourage you all
today to get in your Bibles I want you
to put the prophetic Ministry out of
business because you have the ability to
hear the Lord for yourself you don't
need prophetic people to tell you what's
coming you can hear God for yourself you
can get in the word you can fast you can
pray and yeah he speaks to his prophetic
voices I believe that for these end
times but but you there's a lot of
people that are like desperate they're
all they email me hey what can I do to
invest what can I do do where should I
be moving where should I be living where
should I be going with my kids and my
family and everything we're desperate we
don't hear the lord well I'm going to
tell you the Bible says that a sheep
knows his voice and a stranger's voice
we will not follow I believe with all my
heart the spirit of the Lord dwells on
the inside of you and you don't need a
man telling you what to do we're not
fortun tellers we hear what the Lord is
saying to us to tell you about what's
coming but I'm telling you the same
spirit of God that dwells on the inside
of me and talks to me on a daily basis
he'll talk to you and I'm telling you if
you read his word and you get in his
word and you pray and you seek his face
every day and you spend time with him
it's just like a relationship with your
wife if you if you only talk to her once
a week you're you're not going to have a
good relationship if you only talk to
her twice a week you're only going to
have a a a semi okay relationship but
the more you spend time with her the
more you you you have fellowship with
her and you sit on the couch or whatever
at night and you you have Fellowship you
hold her and you tell her baby I love
you or or or whatever you know and and
you you go out to dates and you have
dates and you go out to dinner and and
you fellowship with that that bride you
of your of your you know that you're
married
to it builds a relationship and over the
course of years I look even back I've
been married 23 years and the
relationship that I have with my wife
today after almost 23 years of marriage
um is nothing
comp back like even when we first got
married a year into you think oh I
really know this person but I have I
don't know her at all back a year
whenever I first got married in a year
being married a year here we are 23
years I and I find something new about
her every day it's how many how bad do
you want a relationship how hungry and
how much of a desire do you want a
relation relationship with the Lord I'm
trying to compare it to a marriage and
it is like that but I'm trying to tell
you all how hungry how desperate how bad
do you want a relationship with Jesus
it's when you spend time with him daily
and sit around at his feet and I seek
him and I say Jesus I Need Your fresh
touch today I'm dry I need a fresh touch
of the Holy Ghost today I need a drink
I'm so thirsty Lord I'm so desperate for
more of you I'm So You Are The Potter
I'm the clay I need you today Lord I
Need you and even whenever you're having
a hard day when you when you run to him
you don't run through from him you run
to him when you sin you don't run from
him you run to him and I say Lord your
sin your like I said when we mess up and
we sin your sin is none of the devil's
business he tempted you he got he he
causes us to stumble and fall the Bible
says that he's the great tempter and
he's the accuser of the Brethren but I'm
telling you when you run to the blood
and you run to the name of Jesus and you
say father I need you I'm desperate I
I've messed up he's able he said he the
conf if you confess your sins he is
faithful and just to forgive you of your
sins and cleanse you of all your
unrighteousness I'm telling you that God
is a faithful God and he loves you today
and if you seek him and you and you
abide if you abide in me and my words
abide in you you shall ask what you will
and it shall be done I'm telling you
it's it's what it's ye abiding in him
and my words abide in you get in that
word down inside of your heart if ye
abide in me and my words abide in you
you shall ask what you will and it shall
be done I'm telling you it's getting
that word down inside of you ye abiding
in his word and he's abiding in you
because it said the word is the Lord he
is the word God is the word and I'm
telling you God is light and in him
there is no Darkness at all and I'm
telling you God is love God is like God
but God is the word and and he breathed
on that
Bible and when you're reading that Bible
you're reading the Lord and it's coming
into you it's breathing life into you it
it gives you strength to your flesh and
and and and and I'm telling you it renew
your mind it renews your it renews your
thinking it anoints you it it appoints
you for such a time as this I'm telling
you it's the word of God that will set
you free and you've got to get that word
I'm not going to start crying
woohoo you've got to get that word on
the inside of you because if you don't
the Bible says the the enemy comes like
a roaring lion seeking whom he may
devour and the ones that can he's able
to devour is the ones that don't know
the word and don't have a revelation of
the word because I know the Bible says
this to submit myself therefore unto God
and resist the devil and he will flee
from you as in Terror he's going to run
from you and be scared scared of you but
it's the word that you know that's on
the inside of you in these last days
that's going to get you free you should
know the truth and the truth will set
you free it's the truth of God's word
it's truth of understanding who he is
and what he done for you and if you just
were to read Ephesians and read
Ephesians and read Ephesians and Hebrew
and in James and just meditate on that
word meditate on Romans meditate on on
on the on that on that Bible over and
over read everything that's in red that
Jesus said read it over and over and
over and over again and I'm telling you
life to those that find them and health
to all their flesh the Bible says that
my words are
life to those that find them and health
to all their flesh praise God
y'all his word is a lamp unto my feet
and a light into my path I will hide his
word in my heart I I hide his words in
my heart that I might not sin against
you I think about I think about all the
words that he all the scriptures and all
the things that he's given us to give us
power and authority over the
devil and so I'm just I'm just trying to
encourage you all try to tell you that
Jesus loves you so much he has a plan
for your life and it's and it's and it's
good plan it's a good plan it's a Godly
plan it's a strong plan he it's a a
beloved above wish above all things that
you prosper and be in health even as
your soul
prospers he wants you to be prosperous
in what you do he wants you to be
successful he has a plan for your
life and I try to tell you all this
because I because I live it I I'm
telling you I've lived it and I still
stand on it I live I live by faith every
day of my life I seek him and I believe
with all my heart that he that he will
impart his his his is fire on your life
to touch the Nations for him to lay
hands on the sick and see him recover
people don't want to hear about Target
they don't want to hear about going in
there and I tell they get mad at me in
the comment section today well why you
go to Target because it's a there's
fish I want to go in there and and and
touch the souls for Jesus there's people
that are desperate and what a better
place to go where there's all these
people that are they desperately just
need Jesus they just desperately need
Jesus they're lost and I'm telling you I
go where the where the the lost people
are I want I want to be a light help me
to shine so bright today
Father help me
God to be the representation of
you create in me a Clean Heart
Lord help me Father anoint my words that
when I speak I'm not speaking from me
I'm speaking for you that father that
these people are
desperate for a touch of the Holy Ghost
a fresh fire of your presence on their
life a
manifestation of your glory on their
marriages we call Father be they're so
dry they're not getting fed good word at
church they're so
desperate they're running to and fro
they're they're they're like a chicken
with his head cut off they don't know
where to turn they don't hear your voice
Lord but I know that your word says they
shall hear your voice and a stranger's
voice they won't follow concerning the
end times and I plead the blood of Jesus
Christ over every single person that is
represented on this YouTube broadcast
right now that is listening to me I
cover them in the blood I thank you
Father that they are my friends they're
my helpers they're here spread in the
good news and I intercede for them that
their wayward children are coming home
their children are coming home they will
know you again Lord you said train up a
child and in the way they should go and
when they get older they will not
depart train them up in the word train
them up in and father I thank you
there's people in here they may not have
known the word but father we call
wayward children home we call them home
in the name of Jesus we call Angels out
there right now to go from the north the
South the east to west calling all those
unsaved loved ones to come in right now
in the name of Jesus we call you
in you will not burn in hell you will
not burn in hell we call our unsaved
loved ones home in jesus' name we call
the blood of Jesus Christ to cover them
Father and I thank you Lord that it
drives off that bound that that that
that that that that the Demonic Spirit
that's latched on to their head causing
the spirit of confusion we take
authority over it right now in the name
of
Jesus we plead the blood over their
minds that Ephesians 1:18 father the
eyes of their understanding would be
enlightened father I thank you Lord that
the that the Revelation would come to
them even in their sleep that Jesus died
for them and he rose again and he he he
he say he will he's willing to save them
from all of their sins and deliver them
Father I thank you Lord that you are
touching the hearts of
men we thank you for the greatest
Harvest of souls in these last days that
we've ever seen on this planet before
the greatest Harvest of healings
deliverances we call people healed and
whole and well in the name of Jesus we
thank you Lord Lord that you said in
your word father that by your stripes we
are
healed we are delivered we are set free
by the power of the blood we're not
we're not bound by the devil anymore for
Galatians 313 says Christ has redeemed
us from the curse of the
law you don't have to be under the curse
no
more you don't have to be under the
curse no more Jesus Paid the price for
you he paid the price for you to walk in
Victory in every year of your life you
don't have to be bound you don't have to
be poor you don't have to be broke bust
and disgusted No More Jesus Paid the
price for you Jesus loves you so much
and he wants you to be free and father I
thank you Lord that freedom is coming to
these people
today
no matter what
storm no matter what
earthquake no matter what
pestilence to be absent from the body is
to be present with you death is is lost
its victory over
us death is no longer lorded over us we
don't have fear over death because when
we die we go to be with him so we're not
going to be afraid of pestilence we're
not going to be afraid of of of plagues
we're not going to be afraid of Terror
attacks we're not going to be afraid of
earthquakes we're not going to be afraid
of all this fear has lost its victory
over
me perfect love casteth out all fear for
fear has torment and he that fearth is
not made perfect in love so we got to be
made perfect in his love today my father
loves me my father delivers me my father
father cares for me if he cares for the
lies of the field if he cares for the
for the for the the The Sparrows he
knows when a sparrow Falls he knows
whenever I have
needs he knows when you have needs
nothing's too big for God nothing's too
big for him he is L yon the most high he
is Jehovah Gyra he is I am that I am and
the same Jes Jesus that dwell 2,000
years ago it said Jesus Christ the same
yesterday today and forever and Faith
calls those things that be not as though
they were you got to call your circum
you got to speak to your circumstances
calling those things that be not as
though they
were I hope this this video blessed you
today I pray for you father I thank you
Lord for Fresh Fire on these folks I
thank you for for Fresh Fire a fresh
anointing a fresh presence on your their
life to give them give them
encouragement I pray encouragement over
them I pray a fresh anointing on them
Father that they will realize how much
you love them and that father that you
you have a plan for them and I just I
just pray over their marriages I pray
over their children I pray over their
health for new kidneys new kidneys I
pray for new kidneys in Jesus name I
speak life over their kidneys I speak
Deliverance over their livers over their
over their thyroids over their
bodies we call healing and wholeness and
wellness over them from the top of their
head to the soles of their
feet we call them delivered we call them
we call them a fresh and a new all their
sales everything anything they have need
of you've got
it and we thank you Lord for it right
now in the name name of Jesus and we
give you all the glory honor and Praise
Jesus we love
you well put a smile on your face and a
song in your heart Jesus loves you so
much and we love you and we thank you
for watching this video God bless you
all have a great day byebye